website/integrations: add stripe (#14618)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/stripe/index.mdx

---
title: Integrate with Stripe
sidebar_label: Stripe
support_level: community
---

## What is Stripe

> Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform that enables businesses to accept online and in-person payments, embed financial services, and build custom revenue models.
>
> -- https://stripe.com

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration

To support the integration of Stripe with authentik, you need to create a group, a property mapping, and an application/provider pair in authentik.

### Create a user group in authentik

> 1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

    - **Choose a Provider type**: select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations.

        - Set the **ACS URL** to `https://dashboard.stripe.com/login/saml/consume`.
        - Set the **Audience** to `https://dashboard.stripe.com/saml/metadata`.
        - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.
        - Under **Advanced protocol settings**:
            - Set an available signing certificate.
            - Add the previously created `Stripe Role` property mapping to **Selected User Property Mappings**.
            - Set **NameID Property Mapping** to `authentik default SAML Mapping: Email`.

    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Download certificate file

> 1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an admininstrator, and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the provider that you created in the previous section (e.g. `Provider for Stripe`).
3. Under **Related objects** > **Download signing certificate**, click on **Download**. This downloaded file is your `Certificate` file and it will be required in the next section.

## Stripe configuration

> 1. Log in to the [Stripe administrator user authentication page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication) as an admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Stripe administrator user authentication page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication) as an administrator.
```

2. Click on the **Settings** cogwheel, and navigate to **Team and security** > **Single sign-on (SSO)**.
3. Click **Add domain**, then input the domain that SSO users will use. For more information, see the [Stripe Proving Domain Owenership documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/sso/other#proving-domain-verification).
4. Once your domain is verified, click on the 3 dots next to the domain name, and click **Manage SSO Settings**.
5. Enter the following settings:

    - **Identity Provider URL**: `https://auth.domain.com/application/saml/stripe/sso/binding/redirect/`
    - **Issuer ID**: `authentik`
    - **Identity Provider Certificate**: Paste in the contents of your authentik signing certificate.

6. Click **Continue**.

> 7. Enter the email address of an authentik user that will be used for testing the SSO configuration and click **Continue**. Ensure that the user has the appropriate group membership in authentik. You will be redirected to authentik, once logged in, you will be redirected back to Stripe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Enter the email address of an authentik user designated for testing the SSO configuration and click **Continue**. Ensure that the user belongs to the appropriate authentik group. After logging in on authentik, you will be redirected back to Stripe.
```

8. If the test is successful, click **Continue**. Otherwise, verify your configuration and try again.
9. Choose the **SSO Enforcement** setting. Selecting `Required` mandates that users use authentik to log in, whereas `Optional` allows users to choose between authentik and the standard Stripe login.
10. Click **Save**.

## Configuration verification

> To verify that authentik is properly integrated with Stripe, first sign out of your account. Then, navigate to the [Stripe dashboard login page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login) and click **Sign in with SSO**. Enter an email that’s provisioned for SSO, and click **Continue with SSO**. You will then be redirected to authentik for authentication before being sent back to the Stripe dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that authentik is properly integrated with Stripe, first sign out of your account. Then, navigate to the [Stripe dashboard login page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login) and click **Sign in with SSO**. Enter an email address that’s provisioned for SSO, and click **Continue with SSO**. You will then be redirected to authentik for authentication before being sent back to the Stripe dashboard.
```
